once upon a time
in a far away land called washington
heights
say so it doesn't disappear washington
lights up from washington heights up at
the break of day i wake up
and i got this little punk i gotta chase
away pop the great at the crack of dawn
sing while i wipe down the awning hey
y'all good morning
ice coffee dog teddy strawberry and just
for today i got my mate
it's a story of a block that was
disappearing
the genius is back yo he should ask her
out right now
hey there's something on your shirt
smooth operator
we all had a suenito and when it came to
dreams
we had to keep scraping by maybe this
neighborhood is changing forever
maybe tonight is our last night together
however
i just want to see the whole world
through our eyes they're talking about
kicking out all the dreamers
it's time to make some noise
we had to assert our dignity in small
ways
little details that tell the world we
are not invisible
this is the moment when you do better
than me because you can see a future
you made all of this this is me
they used to say you work hard
you live by the rules the money will
come
the things will come you ready
i've been saving up all my pennies in my
piggy bank for this day today's all we
got so we cannot stop
[Music]
heights